Feature/quick play to join a minecraft server, world and realm right after launching the game (#893)
ATLauncher/ATLauncher: CHANGELOG.md

### New Features

> 1. Add the option to join a minecraft server when launching a instance [#893](https://github.com/ATLauncher/ATLauncher/pull/893)

Author: > Linking to the issue and like `[#748]` instead of a full link here is good, we convert it to a full link during the release process
> ```suggestion
> - Add the option to join a minecraft server when launching a instance [#748]
> ```

I will update it
